So, he played with that child, the whole day long, and they
 were very merry. The sky was so blue, the sun was so bright,
 the water was so sparkling, the leaves were so green, the
 flowers were so lovely, and they heard such singing-birds and
 saw so many butteries, that everything was beautiful. This was
 in fine weather. When it rained, they loved to watch the falling drops,
 and to smell the fresh scents. When it blew, it was delightful
 to listen to the wind, and fancy what it said,
 as it came rushing from its home-- where was that, they wondered!

So, he began to be very busy with that gentleman, and they went
on through the wood together. The whole journey was through a wood,
only it had been open and green at first, like a wood in spring;
and now began to be thick and dark, like a wood in summer;
some of the little trees that had come out earliest, were even
turning brown. The gentleman was not alone, but had a lady of
about the same age with him, who was his
Wife; and they had children, who were with them too.
Whenever these partings happened, the traveller looked

Whenever these partings happened, the traveller looked at the
gentleman, and saw him glance up at the sky above the trees,
where the day was beginning to decline, and the sunset to come on.
He saw, too, that his hair was turning grey. But, they never could
rest long, for they had their journey to perform, and it was necessary
for them to be always busy. At last, there had been so many partings
that there were no children left, and only the traveller, the gentleman,
and the lady, went upon their way in company. So the traveller sat down by
the side of that old man, face to face with the serene sunset

So the traveller sat down by the side of that old man,
face to face with the serene sunset; and all his friends
came softly back and stood around him. The beautiful child,
the handsome boy, the young man in love, the father, mother,
and children: every one of them was there, and he had lost nothing.
So, he loved them all, and was kind and forbearing with them all,
and was always pleased to watch them all, and they all honoured and
loved him. And I think the traveller must be yourself, dear Grandfather.
I have been looking on, this evening, at a merry company of children
assembled round that pretty German toy, a Christmas Tree.



I have been looking on, this evening, at a merry company of children assembled round
 that pretty German toy, a Christmas Tree. The tree was planted in the middle of a great
 round table, and towered high above their heads. It was brilliantly lighted by a multitude
 of little tapers; and everywhere sparkled and glittered with bright objects. There were
 rosy-cheeked dolls, hiding behind the green leaves; and there were real watches (with movable
 hands, at least, and an endless capacity of being wound up) dangling from innumerable twigs.




All toys at first, I find. Up yonder, among the green holly and red berries, is the Tumbler
 with his hands in his pockets, who wouldn't lie down, but whenever he was put upon the
 floor, persisted in rolling his fat body about, until he rolled himself still, and brought
 those lobster eyes of his to bear upon me--when I affected to laugh very much, but in my
 heart of hearts was extremely doubtful of him. Close beside him is that infernal snuff-
 box, out of which there sprang a demoniacal Counsellor in a black gown.




Tippet for their tails, and other bits for their manes, and to stand on pegs instead of legs,
 but it was not so when they were brought home for a Christmas present. They were all
 right, then; neither was their harness unceremoniously nailed into their chests, as appears
 to be the case now. The tinkling works of the music- cart, I DID find out, to be made of
 quill tooth-picks and wire; and I always thought that little tumbler in his shirt sleeves,
 perpetually swarming up one side of a wooden frame, and coming down, head foremost.



We were ashamed of our red eyes, and hung about for half-an-hour to whiten them.
 Likewise a piece of chalk round the rims, I doing the colonel's, and he mine, but
 afterwards found in the bedroom looking-glass not natural, besides inflammation. Our
 conversation turned on being ninety. The colonel told me he had a pair of boots that
 wanted soling and heeling; but he thought it hardly worth while to mention it to his father,
 as he himself should so soon be ninety, when he thought shoes would be more convenient.


It amounts to one of the most stringent anti-smoking
laws in the world. Mexico's existing 2008 law - which
created smoke-free spaces in bars, restaurants and
workplaces - is now extended to an outright ban in
all public spaces. That includes parks, beaches,
hotels, offices and restaurants.There will also be
a total ban on the advertising, promotion and
sponsorship of tobacco products, meaning that
cigarettes cannot even be on show inside shops.Vapes
and e-cigarettes are also subject to tighter new law.